---
layout: 'exam'
type: 'exam'
title: "美國歷史與文化課堂筆記"
date: 2020-06-05
url: note/american-history-and-culture
categories: ["史"]
tags: ["世界史"]
exam: ["課堂筆記"]
author: ["柯棋瀚整理"]
description: '研一下英語課'
vertical: false
draft: true
---

0227

- 25%出勤
- 10%作業一次，9周收。英文，600字，介紹美國一個州，自然、人文、歷史。電子版打印交。
- 25%期中考試，開放式，可以用手機電腦
- 40%期末論文。美國一個有影響力的人物，有abstract, key words, bibliography（參考文獻中英皆可）。

Statue of Liberty

Dublin

portrayal portray

collectivism——individualism

scatter

# 0312

The United States is situated in the central part of North America with its two youngest states--- Alaska in the northwestern part of North America and Hawaii in the central Pacific. The country is bounded by Canada on the north and by Mexico and the Gulf of Mexico on the south with the Atlantic Ocean on the east and Pacific Ocean on the west.

Lake Superior最大的淡水湖

general introduction 1

Appalachia Range

locky Mountains

## early migrations

native Americans

Bering Strait

1492 Columbus found the new land. Christopher Columbus, who, searching for a route of wealth leading to Asia, mistook the people he saw on the American continent for the Indians in Asia. So the early native American were called Indians in English. They consisted of many tribes of people who spoke different languages, scattered across the American continent, and embraced different beliefs.

## early exploration

Since 1291, when Marco Polo returned to Venice with tales of Eastern treasures--- spices, silks, perfumes, drugs and jewels ---Europeans had began to dream to go to the Orient. Generally speaking, what inspired the European exploration may be grouped under four headings: spices, gold, religion, glory

馬可波羅已經可以陸路到東方，爲何哥倫布要航海到東方？君士坦丁堡阻斷了路線。

Columbus thought it was part of Asia. But to his dismay, instead of golden palaces, there were grass huts and palm-leaf tents. Instead of silkrobed merchant princes, he found 'Indians' who did not have so much as a shirt on their backs. Columbus insisted until he died that the land he had reached was an unknown part of Asia.

river civilization

agriculture civilization：self-supply，long history，central-power，conservation，brilliant，hierarchy，mild

pirate海盜

Mississippi 老人河old man river

heroism

spices香料。

America Got its Name. The Florentine explorer Amerigo Vespuc???  claimed to have made four Atlantic voyages between 1497 and 1504. A German map-maker was convinced by Vespucci. On a map that he published in 1507 he named the new lands America,for Amerigo The name gave more honor to Vespucci than he deserved and was hardly fair to Columbus. Still, America became name for the continents of North and South America.

Buffalo---Source of Life for the Plain Indians In the early days, buffalo was the stuff of life for the Indians of the Great Plains area. Food, shelter, weapons, and clothing all came from this kind of animals. At that time, the buffalo lived and moved in massive herds. But in the later 1860s, with the railroads came the professional meat hunters, who numbered their kill in the thousands. The buffalo were slaughtered by the millions until, by the end of the century, there were only a few small herds scattered here and there. And with the buffalo went the Plains Indians destroyed, too, or driven into reservations where buffalo hump was a meal eaten only in dreams.

# 0325

3.Religious diversity: Many of the American colonists were not members of any church. Of those who had a religious affiliation, the vast majority were Protestant Christians. There were significant numbers of Roman Catholics in Maryland and Delaware, and a small number of Jews, mostly in Rhode Island.

Colonial Days: Between 1607, when the first settlers landed at Jamestown, and 1733, when Georgia was founded, Britain managed to establish 13 colonies , which scattered along the Atlantic seaboard. The colonies of New England included Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and New Hampshire, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, the Carolinas, and Georgia.

The Pilgrim Fathers: The Puritans wanted to purify the Anglican Church. They believed that because of Adam's original sin, all men were evil and deserving of damnation. God had decided the destiny of all men and women. God had divided all humans into the saved and the damned. Those who were saved were God's 'saints'. On Earth, the saints formed a church

Some of the Puritans wanted to reform the church in Britain, while others wanted to form their own churches. In 1608, to avoid the King's punishment, they decided to venture to migrate to America. 1620, thirty of them, known as 'Pilgrims', sailed for Virginia on the Mayflower. When they arrived, they signed the Mayflower Compact-in effect, the first constitution written in North America, in which they all agreed to create a 'CivilBodyPolitic

The mayflower compact 五月花號公約

For the benefit of the hole，因為他們in one ship

他們目的地是弗吉尼亞，主實際上到了麻塞諸塞。

# Lesson 3

The American War of Independence started in 1775 and ended in 1783. It refers to the revoluntionary war that the 13 colonies fight against the British colonial domination and strive for the national independence.

13 colonies 與 king 相互需要：raw materials: timber cotten

波士頓保皇黨 loyalist ，但是英國人認為他們是famers，

叛亂rebellion  "Taxation without Representation''

轉變mindset Angry colonists - Rebels

Causes: The American People. 1. Population increase: Britain's 13 North American colonies experienced an extraordinary rate of population growth. This phenomenal growth was a precondition for a successful independence movement.



7 Year's War (French-Indian war)

turning point of the relationship: Seven Years' War. French and native America allies vs. British

• Cause: competition for land in north America

• English colonies encroach ed on Indian/French

territory as the population grew Virginia Reacts

"He told me the Country belogn'd to them , that no English Man had a right to trade upon them Waters; & that he had Orders to make every Person Prisoner that attempted it on the Ohio or the Waters on it." - G.W. "He told me the Country belogn'd to them , that no English Man had a right to trade upon them Waters; & that he had Orders to make every Person Prisoner that attempted it on the Ohio or the Waters on it." - G.W.

• The British government responded by passing several Acts which came to be known as the Intolerable Acts, which further darkened colonial opinion towards the British.  The Fire of Lexington and the Declaration of Independence. On April 19th, 1775, a small battle took place between the British soldiers and the militia men in Lexington and Concord near Boston. They were the first gunshots which were generally considered as the prelude of the great war of Independence.

•The second Continental Congress decided to draw up a declaration of independence. On July 4th, 1776, the document was accepted by the congress and since then July 4th has been observed as National Day of the United States.

• Importantly, it explained the philosophy behind the revolution--that men have a natural right to "Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness'; that governments can rule only with "the consent of the governed"; that any government may be dissolved when it fails to protect the rights of the people.



tension

殖民者很憤怒，但無路可走。people in the darkness, bnt have no idea where to go

本傑明 Franklin 在英國注意到 Paine，英國人 Thomas Paine, *Common Sense*

necessary evil





boston massacre

Boston tea party

不可容忍法案

第一次大陸會議

萊克星頓的槍聲

第二次大陸會議

獨立宣言

17771017 Saratoga大捷

先驅pioneer  開拓者trablazer

creed 信條







Articles of Confederation

When the War of Independence was over, eachnew state had its own government and was organized like an independenet nation. However, these states would raise money to payoff debts of the war, establish a money system and deal with foreign nations in making treaties. The agreement that set this plan of cooperation was called the Articles of Confederation.

In May of 1787, Constitutional Convention began in Philadelphia. George Washington, the military commander of the War of Independence being the presiding officer.

Two fears in writing the constitution

One fear: one person or group might become

too powerful. A government consisting of three parts, or branches, the executive, the legislative and the judicial was set up.

Executive Branch

The president: the chief executive; elected to afour-year term for only two terms. The vice president: to serve as the presiding officer of the Senate; the vice president may vote in the Senate only in the event of a tie.

13 departments: State, Treasury, Defense, Justice, Interior, Agriculture, Commerce, Labor, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Transportation, Energy and Education.

Supreme Court

It consists of a Chief Justice and eight associate jutices.

Function: The Supreme Court has the judicial review power. The power determining whether congressional legislation on executive action violates the Constitution. Most of these cases involvedd disputes over the interpretation of laws and legislation.

The Republican Party. Grand Old Party, GOP. Afterwards, they represented the main stream of developing northern industry & free private enterprise.

# 0409政治系統



Continental conference。

borrow money from plantation owners

*Gone with the wind*

美国政府自稱 US confederate/federal government 邦聯/聯邦

Presiding officer : chairman

senator 參議員。

impeachment 彈劾 treason 叛國罪



# 0423

middle class：50000-300000



## 0509

柯棋瀚 历史学院 201921120015 class of single week

\1.
 I think colonial British colonial oppression caused the Independent War.  What’s more, they required delinking from the UK from the consideration of profit.

\2.

During the colonial days, they understood the value of liberty. During the Independent War, the American Fought together, and they formed American national identity.

\3.

The American formed *Boston Port Bill*, *Declaration of Independence*, *1787 Constitution* during the early days.

4.

I think the Presidential Election system is quite advanced at that time. They formed a provisional electoral college, and the college elect the President. The college is neither coincided with the Senate, nor the House of Representatives. This means the executive and the legislative branch are independent of each other.

\5.

American political system has three branches: the executive, the legislative and the judicial branch. The President is the master of the executive branch. The legislative branch consists of the Senate (which is the representative of fifty states) and the House of Representatives (which is the representative of people). A bill should be passed simultaneously by the Senate and the Representatives. The Supreme Court is the highest judicial power. It consists of a Chief Justice and eight associate justices. Three branches restraint each other. Anyone won’t have absolute authority under this well-designed system.

6.

I think the purpose of the policy is undoubted. The constitution says the people can have guns in order to protect themselves from deprivation of liberty. However, gun issues have become one of the most poignant social issues in America. Many innocent people died from shooting every year. I think restrict policy is very important nowadays.
