---
layout: 'exam'
type: 'exam'
title: "實用英語視聽說課堂筆記"
date: 2019-12-30
url: note/english-listening
categories: ["襍"]
exam: ["課堂筆記"]
author: ["柯棋瀚整理"]
vertical: false
draft: true
---

聽力原文

## Unit 1 Moving rocks

Now, we’ve got a few minutes before we leave for today. So I’ll just touch on an interesting subject that I think makes an important point. We’ve been covering rocks, and different types of rocks, for the last several weeks, but next week were going to do something a little bit different. And to get started I thought I’d mention something that shows how, uh, as a geologist, you need to know about more than just rocks and the structure of solid matter. Moving rocks. You may have heard about them.

It's quite a mystery. Death Valley is this desert plain... a dry lakebed in California, surrounded by mountains, and on the desert floor are these huge rocks… some of them hundreds of pounds… and they move! They leave long trails behind them—tracks you might say—as they move from one point to another. But nobody has been able to figure out how they’re moving because no one has ever seen it happen. Now there are a lot of theories, but all we know for sure is that people aren’t moving the rocks. There’re no footprints, no tire tracks, and no heavy machinery—like a bulldozer, uh, nothing was ever brought in to move these heavy rocks.

So what's going on? Theory number one: wind. Some researchers think powerful, uh, windstorms might move the rocks. Most of the rocks move in the same direction as the dominant wind pattern, from southwest to northeast. But some, and this is interesting, move straight west, while some zigzag.. or even move in large circles. Hmmm... how can that be? How’ bout wind combined with rain? The ground of this desert is made of clay. it's a desert, so it's dry. But when there is the occasional rain, the clay ground becomes extremely slippery. It’s hard for anyone to stand on, walk on.

So, one theory was that perhaps when the ground is slippery, high winds can then move the rocks. But five or ten years ago a team of scientists tested that theory. They experimented by flooding an area of the desert with water, and then trying to establish how much wind force would be necessary to move the rocks. They calculated that it would take winds of at least 50 0 miles an hour to move the rocks. And since winds that strong don't occur anywhere on Earth, they concluded that the wind wasn’t the cause, even with slippery ground. Now, more recent research suggests that it would take winds of only 750 miles an hour, not 500, but even winds that strong don’t occur in Death Valley. So the original experiments conclusion that wind is not the culprit seems right.

Here’s another possibility: ice it's possible that rain on the desert floor could turn to thin sheets of ice when temperatures drop at night. So, if rocks, uh, become embedded in ice, um, OK, could a piece of ice with rocks in it be pushed around by the wind? Makes sense, but there’s a problem with this theory too. Rocks trapped in ice together would have moved together when the ice moved. But that doesn’t always happen. The rocks seem to take separate routes. Nevertheless, ice is probably involved, we just don’t quite know how yet And of course there are other theories. Maybe the around vibrates or maybe the round itself is shifting. tilting. Maybe the rocks moved by a magnetic force. Uh, but sadly, all these ideas have been eliminated as possibilities. There’s just not enough evidence.

I bet you’re saying to yourself, well, why don't scientists just set up video cameras to record what actually happens? Thing is, this is a protected wilderness area, so by law, that type of research isn’t allowed. Besides in powerful windstorms, sensitive camera equipment would be destroyed. So why can’t researchers just live there for a while until they observe the rocks moving? Same reason

So where are we now? Well, despite some recent progress, we still don’t have definite answers. So all this leads back to my main point. You need to know about more than just rocks as geologists. The researchers studying moving rocks, well. they combined their knowledge of rocks with knowledge of wind, ice, and such. uh, not successfully, not yet, but y’know… they wouldn't even have been able to get started without, uh… earth science understanding. Knowledge about wind… storms… you know, meteorology. You need to understand physics. So for several weeks, like I said, we’ll be addressing geology from a wider perspective. I guess that’s all for today. See you next time

## Unit 2

Have you ever heard the one about alligators living in New York sewers? The story goes like this: a family went on vacation in Florida, and bought a couple of baby alligators as presents for their children, then returned from vacation to New York, bringing the alligators home with them as pets. But the alligators would escape and find their way into the New York sewer system where they started reproducing, grew to huge sizes and now strike fear into sewer workers. Have you heard this story? Well, it isn’t true and it never happened. but despite that, the story’s been around since the 1930s.

Or how about the song "Twinkle, twinkle, little star? You know" Twinkle, twinkle, little star, how I wonder what you are…" Well, we’ve all heard this song. Where am I going with this? Well, both the song and the story are examples of memes, and that's what we'll talk about, the theory of memes.

A meme is defined as a piece of information copied from person to person. By this definition, most of what you know… ideas, skills, stories, songs... are memes. All the words you know, all the scientific theories you’ve learned, the rules your parents taught you to observe… all are memes that have been passed on from person to person.

So what?... you may say. Passing on ideas from one person to another is nothing new… Well, the whole point of defining this familiar process as transmission of memes is so that we can explore its analogy with the transmission of genes.

As you know, all living organisms pass on biological information through the genes. What's a gene? A gene is a piece of biological information that gets copied, or replicated, and the copy, or replica, is passed on to the new generation. So genes are defined as replicators…

Genes are replicators that pass on information about properties and characteristics of organisms. By analogy, memes also get replicated and in the process pass on cultural information from person to person, generation to generation. So memes are also replicators. To be a successful replicator, there are three key characteristics: longevity, fecundity, and fidelity. Let’s take a closer look…

First, longevity. A replicator must exist long enough to be able to get copied and transfer its information. Clearly, the longer a replicator survives, the better its chances of getting its message copied and passed on. So longevity is a key characteristic of a replicator. If you take the alligator story, it can exist for a long time in individual memory—Let's say my memory. I can tell you the story now, or ten years from now. The same with the" Twinkle, twinkle” song. So these memes have longevity, because they're memorable, for one reason or another.

Next, fecundity. Fecundity is the ability to reproduce in large numbers. For example, the common housefly reproduces by laying several thousand eggs. So each fly gene gets copied thousands of times. Memes? Well, they can be reproduced in large numbers as well. How many times have you sung the " Twinkle, twinkle” song to someone? Each time you replicated the song—and maybe passed it along to someone who didn't know it yet, a small child maybe.

And finally, fidelity. Fidelity means accuracy of the copying process. We know fidelity is an essential principle of genetic transmission. If a copy of a gene is a bit different from the original, that’s called a genetic mutation, and mutations are usually bad news. An organism often cannot survive with a mutated gene—and so a gene usually cannot be passed on unless it's an exact copy. For memes, however, fidelity is not sways so important. For example, if you tell someone the alligator story I told you today, it probably won't be word for word exactly as I said it. Still, it will be basically the same story, and the person who hears the story will be able to pass it along. Other memes are replicated with higher fidelity, though-like the "Twinkle, twinkle” song? It had the exact same words twenty years ago as it does now. Well, that’s because we see songs as something that has to be performed accurately each time. If you change a word, the others will usually bring you in line. They’ll say “That's not how you sing it,” right?

So, you can see how looking at pieces of cultural information as replicators, as memes, and analyzing them in terms of longevity, fecundity, and fidelity, we can gain some insight about how they spread, persist, or change.

## Unit 3 The history of coffee

In my presentation, I'm going to talk about coffee, and its importance both in economic and social terms. We think it was first drunk in the Arab world, but there's hardly any documentary evidence of it before the 1500s, although of course that doesn't mean that people didn't know about it before then.

However, there is evidence that coffee was originally gathered from bushes growing wild in Ethiopia, in the northeast of Africa. In the early sixteenth century, it was being bought by traders, and gradually its use as a drink spread throughout the Middle East. It's also known that in 1522, in the Turkish city of Constantinople, which was the centre of the Ottoman Empire, the court physician approved its use as a medicine.

By the mid-1500s, coffee bushes were being cultivated in the Yemen and for the next hundred years this region produced most of the coffee drunk in Africa and the Arab world. What's particularly interesting about coffee is its effect on social life. It was rarely drunk at home, but instead people went to coffee houses to drink it. These people, usually men, would meet to drink coffee and chat about issues of the day. But at the time, this chance to share ideas and opinions was seen as something that was potentially dangerous, and in 1623 the ruler of Constantinople demanded the destruction of all the coffee houses in the city, although after his death many new ones opened, and coffee consumption continued. In the seventeenth century, coffee drinking spread to Europe, and here too coffee shops became places where ordinary people, nearly always men, could meet to exchange ideas, Because of this, some people said that these places performed a similar function to universities. The opportunity they provided for people to meet together outside their own homes and to discuss the topics of the day had an enormous impact on social life, and many social movements and political developments had their origins in coffee house discussions.

In the late 1600s, the Yemeni monopoly on coffee production broke down and coffee production started to spread around the world, helped by European colonisation. Europeans set up coffee plantations in Indonesia and the Caribbean and production of coffee in the colonies skyrocketed. Different types of coffee were produced in different areas, and it's interesting that the names given to these different types, like Mocha or Java coffee, were often taken from the port they were shipped to Europe from. But if you look at the labour system in the different colonies, there were some significant differences.

In Brazil and the various Caribbean colonies. coffee was grown in huge plantations and the workers there were almost all slaves. But this wasn't the same in all colonies; for example in Java, which had been colonised by the Dutch. the peasants grew coffee and passed a proportion of this on to the Dutch, so it was used as a means of taxation. But whatever system was used, under the European powers of the eighteenth century, coffee production was very closely linked to colonisation. Coffee was grown in ever-increasing quantities to satisfy the growing demand from Europe, and it became nearly as important as sugar production, which was grown under very similar conditions. However, coffee prices were not yet low enough for people to drink it regularly at home, so most coffee consumption still took place in public coffee houses and it still remained something of a luxury item. In Britain, however, a new drink was introduced from China, and started to become popular, gradually taking over from coffee, although at first it was so expensive that only the upper classes could afford it. This was tea, and by the late 1700s it was being widely drunk. However, when the USA gained independence from Britain in 1776, they identified this drink with Britain, and coffee remained the preferred drink in the USA, as it still is today.

So, by the early nineteenth century, coffee was already being widely produced and consumed. But during this century, production boomed and coffee prices started to fall. This was partly because new types of transportation had been developed which were cheaper and more efficient. So now, working people could afford to buy coffee- it wasn't just a drink for the middle classes. And this was at a time when large parts of Europe were starting to work in industries. And sometimes this meant their work didn't stop when it got dark; they might have to continue throughout the night. So, the use of coffee as a stimulant became important-it wasn't just a drink people drank in the morning, for breakfast.

There were also changes in cultivation…

## Unit 4 Bring on the Learning Revolution

I spoke at the TED conference four years ago and talked about the climate crisis. But today I’d like to talk about a second climate crisis and I believe there is a second climate crisis, and that we have to deal with with the same urgency. This is a crisis of, not natural resources, but a crisis of human resources.

I believe fundamentally that we make very poor use of our talents. Very many people go through their whole lives having no real sense of what their talents may be. I meet all kinds of people who don’t think they’re really good at anything. They get no great pleasure from what they do. They endure it rather than enjoy it, and wait for the weekend. But I also meet people who love what they do and couldn’t imagine doing anything else. They say, “this is me, you know. It would be foolish to abandon this, because it speaks to my most authentic self.” But it is not true of enough people. In fact, I think it’s still true of a minority of people. There are many possible explanations for it. And high among them is education, because education, in a way, dislocates very many people from their natural talents. And human resources are like natural resources; they’re often buried deep. You have to create the circumstances where they show themselves. And you might imagine education would be the way that happens, but too often, it’s not. Every education system in the world is being reformed at the moment and it’s not enough. Reform is no use anymore, because that’s simply improving a broken model. What we need is not evolution, but a revolution in education. This has to be transformed into something else.

One of the real challenges is to innovate fundamentally in education. Innovation is hard, because it means challenging what we take for granted, things that we think are obvious. The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense. I came across a great quote recently from Abraham Lincoln, he said this: “The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion.” Not rise to it, rise with it. “As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.” I love that word, “disenthrall.” You know what it means? That there are ideas that all of us are fascinated to, which we simply take for granted as the natural order of things, the way things are. Many of our ideas have been formed, not to meet the circumstances of this century, but to cope with the circumstances of previous centuries.

There are things we’re enthralled to in education. One of them is the idea of linearity. And a typical example of linearity in education is getting you to college. We are obsessed with getting people to college. Certain sorts of colleges. I don’t mean you shouldn’t go, but not everybody needs to go, or go now. Maybe they go later, not right away.

I met a fireman in San Francisco. I asked, “How long have you been a fireman?” He said, “Always. I’ve always been a fireman. When I got to the senior year of school, my teacher didn’t take it seriously. He said I was throwing my life away if that’s all I chose to do with it; that I should go to college and become a professional person, that I had great potential and I was wasting my talent to do that.” He said. But it’s what I wanted, and I applied to the fire service and I was accepted. Six months ago, I saved that teacher’s life.” He said, “He was in a car wreck, and I pulled him out, gave him CPR.” He said, “I think he thinks better of me now.”

To me, human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability. We have built our education systems on the model of fast food, where everything is standardized. And we have sold ourselves into a fast-food model of education. We have to recognize that human talent is tremendously diverse and people have very different aptitudes. So I think we have to change metaphors. We have to go from what is essentially an industrial model of education, a manufacturing model, which is based on linearity and batching people. We have to move to a model that is based more on principles of agriculture. We have to recognize that human flourishing is not a mechanical process; it’s an organic process. Now we are provided an opportunity to revolutionize education. And I urge you to get involved in it because it’s vital, not just to ourselves, but to the future of our children.

## Unit 6 Spectroscopy

OK, I know you all have a lot of questions about this lab assignment that’s coming up, so I’m gonna take a little time this morning to discuss it.

So you know the assignment has to do with spectroscopy right? And your readings should help you get a good idea of what that's all about. But let's talk about spectroscopy a little now, just to cover the basics.

What s spectroscopy? Well, the simplest definition I can give you is that spectroscopy is the study of the interaction between matter and light. Now visible light consists of different colors, or wavelengths which together make up what's called a spectrum—a band of colors, like you see in a rainbow And all substances—all forms of matter—can be distinguished according to what wavelengths of light they absorb and which ones they reflect. It’s like—well, every element has what we’d call its own spectral signature; if we can read that signature, we can identify the element. And that’s exactly what spectroscopy does.

Now laser spectroscopy, which is the focus of your assignment, works by measuring, very precisely, what parts of the spectrum are absorbed by different substances. And it has applications in a lot of different disciplines. And your assignment will be to choose a discipline that interests you and devise an experiment. For example, I 'm gonna talk about art-'m interested in art. And to me, it's interesting how spectroscopy is used to analyze art.

Let's say a museum curator comes to you with a problem. She’s come across this painting that appears to be an original—say a Rembrandt—and she wants to acquire it for her museum. But she's got a problem: She’s not absolutely certain it's an original. So what do you do? How do you determine whether the paintings authentic?

OK, think about the scientific process. You’ve got a question: Is the painting a Rembrandt? So first, you'd need to make a list of characteristics the painting would have to have to be a Rembrandt. Then you have to discover whether the painting in question has those characteristics.

So first of all, you’ll need to know the techniques Rembrandt used when he applied paint to canvas his brushstrokes. How thickly he applied his paint—so you’d need to work with an art historian who has expert knowledge of Rembrandt's style. You'd have to know when he created his paintings, um, what pigments he used—in other words. what ingredients he used to make different colors of paint. ‘Cause the ingredients used in paints and binding agents—plus varnishes. finishes, what have you—have changed over time. Since you're trying to verify if it's a Rembrandt, the ingredients in the pigment would need to have been used during Rembrandt's lifetime, in the seventeenth century. And that's where chemistry comes in. You’ve got to find out what's in those pigments—learn their composition. And that requires lab work—detective work, really—in a word, spectroscopy.

So how do we use spectroscopy? Well, we put an infrared microscope—a spectroscope—on tiny, tiny bits of paint, and using ultraviolet light, we can see the spectral of signature of each component part of the pigment. Then we compare these signatures with those of particular elements, like zinc or lead, to determine what the pigment was made of.

So you can see why this type of analysis requires a knowledge of the history of pigments, right? How and when they were made. Say we determine a pigment was made with zinc, for example. We know the spectral signature of zinc, and it matches that of the paint sample. We also know that zinc wasn’t discovered until the eighteenth century. And since Rembrandt lived during the seventeenth century, we know he couldn't've painted it.

Now, spectroscopy has a very distinct advantage over previous methods of analyzing artworks because it's not invasive—you don’t have to remove big chips of paint to do your analysis, which is what other methods require. All you do is train the microscope on tiny flecks of paint and analyze them.

Now, a word or two about restoration. Sometimes, original artworks appear questionable or inauthentic because they’ve had so many restorers add touch-up layers to cover up damage—damage from the paint having deteriorated over time. Well, spectroscopy can reveal the composition of those touch-up layers too, so we can find out when they were applied. Then, if we want to undo some bad restoration attempts, we can determine what kind of process we can use to remove them—to dissolve the paint and uncover the original.

## Unit 7 Noise in the city

This lecture will be about the science of acoustics, the study of sound, in relation to urban environments such as cities. As an acoustic engineer myself, I think this is an area where we’re likely to see great changes. In the past, researching urban soundscapes was simple. We measured levels of sound in decibels, so I used to take my sound meter and I measured the noise somewhere, and then I might ask a sample of people to say at what level the sound became annoying.

With data like this, acoustic engineers have been able to build up what we call noise maps, maps of the sound environment. But actually these aren’t a lot of use. What they do show is that the highest noise levels are generally on roads - well, that’s not really very surprising. But there’s quite a lot going on that these maps don’t show, because they can’t capture the complex way that sound varies over time. So they ignore important issues such as the noise someone might hear from the open windows or gardens of their neighbours, and this sort of noise can be quite significant in summer. We don’ t have any databases on this sort of information. As well as that, these records of sound levels take no account of the fact that people vary in their perceptions of noise - so someone like me with years of working in acoustics might be very different from you in that regard.

But anyway, even though these noise maps are fairly crude, they’ve been useful in providing information and raising awareness that noise matters, we need to deal with it and so it’s a political matter. And that’s important-we need rules and regulations because noise can cause all sorts of problems.

Those of you who are city - dwellers know that things go on 24 hours a day, so city-dwellers often suffer from interrupted sleep. It’s also known that noise can lead to a rise in levels of stress, due to physical changes in the body affecting the composition of the blood. And there are other problems as well, for instance if schoolchildren don’t have a quiet place to study, their work will suffer.

Now, one problem with decibel measurement is that it doesn’t differentiate between different types of noise. Some types of sounds that most people would probably think of as nice and relaxing might well score quite highly in decibel levels - think of the sound made by a fountain in a town square, for example. That’s not necessarily something that we’d want to control or reduce. So maybe researchers should consider these sorts of sounds in urban design. This is going to be tricky because just measuring decibel levels isn’t going to help us here. Instead, many researchers are using social science techniques, studying people’s emotional response to sound by using questionnaires and so on.

So what exactly do people want to hear in an urban environment? Some recent interdisciplinary research has come out with results that at first sight seem contradictory - a city needs to have a sense of activity, so it needs to be lively, with sounds like the clack of high heels on a pavement or the hiss of a coffee machine, but these mustn’t be too intrusive, because at the same time we need to be able to relax.

One of the major problems in achieving this will be getting architects and town planners to use the research. Apart from studying the basics of acoustics. these people receive very little training in this area. But in fact they should be regarding sound as an opportunity to add to the experience of urban living, whereas at present they tend to see it as something to be avoided or reduced as far as possible, or something that’s just a job for engineers like the street drainage system.

What’s needed is for noise in cities to be regarded as an aesthetic quality as something that has the qualities of an art form. If we acknowledge this, then we urgently need to know what governs it and how designers can work with it. We need to develop a complex understanding of many factors. What is the relationship between sound and culture? What can we learn from disciplines such as psychology about the way that sound interacts with human development and social relationships, and the way that sound affects our thought and feelings? Can we learn anything from physics about the nature of sound itself?

Today’s powerful technologies can also help us. To show us their ideas and help us to imagine the effect their buildings will have, architects and town planners already use virtual reality - but these programs are silent. In the future such programs could use realistic sounds, meaning that soundscapes could be explored before being built. So hopefully, using the best technology we can lay our hands on, the city of the future will be a pleasure to the ears as well as the eyes.

## Unit 8 International Trade

When attempting to understand international trade, some things seem so obvious that they can hardly be controverted, and other points that are important are invisible unless you've thought about the subject carefully.

Consider the following: if there’s an increase in imports, let’s say, um, let's say imports of furniture, and the domestic producers of furniture find this new competition very difficult and are cutting production and employment, then it seems obvious and easy to understand and many people conclude from this that increasing imports will cause generally greater unemployment at home.

What is not so obvious is that how much we import and how much we export… those are interdependent and you can't understand the one without the other. But the exports that are generated are not easily discernible, so most people don’t see them. They see only the imports of furniture rising and employment in domestic furniture production falling.

So as a result, many people argue that we ought to protect jobs by limiting imports—either by tariffs, quotas, regulations, or whatever—without realizing that this also has the effect of reducing potential future exports to the rest of the world, things that we can produce very, very… cost effectively and therefore profitably.

The fundamental proposition in international economics is that it makes sense to import those things that we… that can be produced more economically abroad than at home and export things to the rest of the world that we can produce more cost effectively than produced elsewhere in the world. Therefore, if we limit imports, we put ourselves in danger of not being able to export.

The details of this relationship will take much longer to explain than I can fully go into now but the point of the matter is that gains—the benefits of gains—from international trade result from being able to get things cheaper by buying them abroad than ‘you can make the m at home. Now there’re some things that we can make at home that are.,. that we can do more economically than they can do abroad.

In the case of the United States, typically high-technology products, uh… are things that Americans have innovated in and started firms doing that sort of thing at which they do very well. Whereas goods that produce… that use a lot of relatively low skill labor, like furniture production, cotton production, sugar production… those are things that are frequently made more inexpensively in places where wage rates are low and the cost of using capital is very high.

However, in Florida they produce a lot of sugar, but the costs are so high, if we didn't have extensive restrictions on imports of sugar, the output of sugar would decline dramatically. But the sugar industry in the U.S. doesn’t produce high-paying jobs, it uses resources in ineffective ways and it blocks the import of more cost-effectively produced sugar. It, it's a very bad bargain for the people in the United States to want to protect low-paying jobs thereby halting the growth of world trading and international… uh, more international specialization. It would be better to remove restrictions on imports and allow other countries in the world... countries that can produce them more cheaply... let them specialize in producing those products.

Now, I agree that people who are directly affected by imports, what they focus on… is, is that their prospects… their job prospects are being reduced, and their economic circumstances are getting worse. And that’s a relevant problem and an important problem; what isn't so obvious is that by retraining and relocating people to places and industries where jobs are expanding rather than contracting, we can make the whole economy function more effectively and productively than by trying to block imports.

Um, what is interesting to note is that, even if there were no international trade issues like imports, any changes that occur in a country's economy—any new technology, change in preferences, change in regulations or whatever—will lead to “adjustments” that lead some sectors of the economy to decline and others to expand.

And that’s what we have to figure out, and that's a hard problem to deal with in detail, is how to facilitate people adjusting from sectors where their job prospects are not so good, and in particular where real wages aren’t so high, to acquire skills that will permit them to move into higher-paying jobs in other parts of the economy either by retraining or relocating. Helping pay for the relocation of these people would be very helpful but trying to block the changes is really counterproductive. It makes people in our country poorer, and it makes people elsewhere in the world poorer as well.

## Unit 9 Jackie Savitz: Save the Oceans, Feed the World

You may be wondering why a marine biologist from Oceania would come here today to talk to you about world hunger. I'm here today because saving the oceans can feed the world. Let me show you how.

As you know, there are already more than a billion hungry people on this planet. We're expecting that problem to get worse as world population grows. Now we know that our arable land per capita is already on the decline in both developed and developing countries. We know that we're headed for climate change. And that's why the oceans need to be their most abundant, so that the oceans can provide us as much food as possible.

And that's something the oceans have been doing for us for a long time. As far back as we can go, we've seen an increase in the amount of food we've been able to harvest from our oceans. It just seemed like it was continuing to increase, until about 1980, when we started to see a decline. But we know how to turn it around, and that's what I'm going to talk about today. If we do a few simple things in targeted places, we can bring our fisheries back and use them to feed people.

First, let's look where the fish are. It turns out the fish, conveniently, are located for the most part in our coastal areas, and these are areas that national jurisdictions have control over, and they can manage their fisheries in these coastal areas. We can restore a lot of our fisheries if we focus in these coastal areas.

So we think we can work in a limited number of places to make the fisheries come back. But what do we have to do in these places? We know that there are three key things we have to do to bring fisheries back, and they are: We need to set quotas or limits on how much we take; we need to reduce bycatch, which is the accidental catching and killing of fish that we're not targeting, and it's very wasteful; and three, we need to protect habitats, the nursery areas, the spawning areas that these fish need to grow and reproduce successfully so that they can rebuild their populations. If we do those three things, we know the fisheries will come back. We know this because we've seen it happening in a lot of different places. The herring population in Norway was crashing since the 1950s. It was coming down, and when Norway set limits, or quotas, on its fishery, what happens? The fishery comes back.

What does this mean for the world fish catch? This means that if we take that fishery catch that's on the decline and we could turn it upwards, we could increase it up to 100 million metric tons per year. Right about now, we can feed about 450 million people a fish meal a day based on the current world fish catch. We could bring that number up and feed as many as 700 million people a year a healthy fish meal.

We should obviously do this just because it's a good thing to deal with the hunger problem, but it's also cost-effective. It turns out fish is the most cost-effective protein on the planet. It also doesn't need a lot of land, something that's in short supply, compared to other protein sources. And it doesn't need a lot of fresh water. It uses a lot less fresh water than, for example, cattle, where you have to irrigate a field so that you can grow the food to graze the cattle. It takes a little bit of fuel, but as you know, agriculture can have a carbon footprint, and fish has a much smaller one, so it's less polluting. It's already a big part of our diet, but it can be a bigger part of our diet, which is a good thing, because we know that it's healthy for us. It can reduce our risks of cancer, heart disease and obesity. Also, you have to cut down the biodiverse forest if you want to get the field to grow the corn to feed people with. There's a constant tough decision that has to be made between two very important things: maintaining biodiversity and feeding people. In the oceans, biodiversity is not at war with abundance.

Now, there's a catch. Illegal fishing. Illegal fishing undermines the type of sustainable fisheries management I'm talking about. The way illegal fish get into our market is through seafood fraud. Seafood has a really complex supply chain, and at every step in this supply chain, there's an opportunity for seafood fraud, unless we have traceability. Traceability is a way where the seafood industry can track the seafood from the boat to the plate. It’s being done by some in the industry, but not enough, so we're pushing a law in Congress called the SAFE Seafood Act. Fishermen like it too, so there's a good chance we can get the kind of support we need to get this bill through, and it comes at a critical time, because this is the way we stop seafood fraud.

We know that we can manage our fisheries sustainably. We know that we can produce healthy meals for hundreds of millions of people. We know that saving the oceans can feed the world, and we need to start now.

## Unit 11 Conflict at work

Over the years, attitudes towards workers have changed considerably. After all, there was a time when workers had no rights at all, and laboured in appalling conditions. Conditions have improved a lot, but conflict in the workplace is still common. And human resources managers nowadays need to be able to deal with it when necessary.

What is conflict in the workplace? Definitions vary, but I'm taking it to refer to a whole range of behaviours that the victim finds unacceptable, from minor, harmless arguments to-at the opposite extreme-physical violence. Much of this is covered by the term bullying, by which I mean one or more people behaving abusively or aggressively against another who is in a weaker position. Although all behaviour like this is a form of conflict, not all conflict can be described in these terms.

As with all human behaviour, there are numerous reasons for it. But often it's caused by someone who feels the need to show their superiority over someone else, in order to feel that they aren't at the lowest level in a hierarchy or a group of people.

In some cases one person simply dislikes the other, on the basis that the personality of one is in some way incompatible with that of the other person. A general habit of optimism in one person could make them intolerant of a colleague who's constantly pessimistic-not that that justifies treating them badly, of course.

Some conflicts arise when people are more interested in promoting themselves and their team than in the company as a whole. These conflicts are called ‘structural’, and could come about, for example, when a sales team believe they are the only people in the business who do any useful work, and look down on behind-the-scenes administrators.

Conflict obviously affects the individuals concerned-the situation is likely to be very stressful for victims, resulting in their absence from work, possibly for months. For the company, if no effort is made to deal with conflict, it can spiral out of control, and even lead to the breakdown of the business.

Some interesting work with chief executives- CEOs- has uncovered some of the reasons why they may treat colleagues badly. Many CEOs combine two opposing characteristics: confidence -that is, the belief that they're capable of great achievements- with a high level of anxiety, a fear of missing targets, whether set by themselves or by the directors of the company. This combination can make them respond badly to anyone who questions their decisions.

In a high pressure work environment, such characteristics become problematic. And it's particularly difficult to tackle the situation where colleagues, managers and board members are all trying to achieve their own visions. When they can’t agree on strategic issues and on where they see the business going, there are real problems.

For managers at lower levels within the organisation, it might seem that an autocratic form of management- where the chief executive gives orders and everyone else has to obey - would see more conflict than others. Interestingly, though, a company with a more democratic business model, can suffer more. When uncertainty about who to report to leads to conflicting demands.

Now I'll say a little about dealing with the type of conflict that has harmful effects. Of course the ideal is to prevent it arising in the first place. A good manager, at any level, will make efforts to earn the respect of the people they work with, particularly those who report to them. That will involve politeness in all communications, and treating them as equals who happen to have a different role within the organization.

Sometimes, of course, conflict does occur, and can get out of hand. In such cases the human resources department often gets involved. However, if one of the parties in a conflict sees human resources as simply a mouthpiece for the chief executive, then an external mediator might be able to help. By talking to both sides, and trying to find the truth of what's been happening, they can build a clear picture of the situation, and give feedback that both sides will accept, precisely because they're independent.

## Unit 12 Four business values

In public discussion of business, we take certain values for granted. Today I'm going to talk about four of them: collaboration, hard work, creativity and excellence. Most people would say they're all ‘good things’. I'm going to suggest that's an over-simple view.

The trouble with these values is that they're theoretical concepts, removed from the reality of day-to-day business. Pursue values by all means, but be prepared for what may happen as a result. They can actually cause damage, which is not at all the intention.

Business leaders generally try to do the right thing. But all too often the right thing backfires, if those leaders adopt values without understanding and managing the side effects that arise. The values can easily get in the way of what's actually intended.

OK. So the first value I'm going to discuss is collaboration. Er, let me give you an example. On a management training course l once attended. We were put into groups and had to construct a bridge across a stream, using building blocks that we were given. The rule was that everyone in the team had to move at least one building block during the construction. This was intended to encourage teamwork.

But it was really a job best done by one person. The other teams tried to collaborate on building the structure and descended into confusion, with everyone getting in each other's way. Our team leader solved the challenge brilliantly. She simply asked everyone in the team to move a piece a few centimetres, to comply with the rule, and then let the person in the team with an aptitude for puzzles like this build it alone. We finished before any other team. My point is that the task wasn't really suited to teamworking, so why make it one?

Teamwork can also lead to inconsistency -a common cause of poor sales. In the case of a smartphone that a certain company launched, one director wanted to target the business market, and another demanded it was aimed at consumers. The company wanted both directors to be involved, so gave the product a consumer-friendly name, but marketed it to companies. The result was that it met the needs of neither group. It would have been better to let one director or the other have his way, not both.

Now industriousness, or hard work. It's easy to mock people who say they work hard: after all, a hamster running around in a wheel is working hard-and getting nowhere. Of course hard work is valuable, but only when properly targeted. Otherwise it wastes the resources that companies value most - time and energy. And that’s bad for the organisation.

There's a management model that groups people according to four criteria: clever, hardworking, stupid and lazy. Here ‘lazy’ means having a rational determination not to carry out unnecessary tasks. It doesn't mean trying to avoid work altogether. Most people display two of these characteristics, and the most valuable people are those who are both clever and lazy: they possess intellectual clarity, and they don't rush into making decisions. They come up with solutions to save the time and energy spent by the stupid and hard-working group. Instead of throwing more man-hours at a problem, the clever and lazy group looks for a more effective solution.

Next we come to creativity. This often works well - creating an attention-grabbing TV commercial, for example, might lead to increased sales. But it isn't always a good thing. Some advertising campaigns are remembered for their creativity, without having any effect on sales. This happened a few years ago with the launch of a chocolate bar: subsequent research showed that plenty of consumers remembered the adverts, but had no idea what was being advertised. The trouble is that the creator derives pleasure from coming up with the idea, and wrongly assumes the audience for the campaign will share that feeling.

A company that brings out thousands of new products may seem more creative than a company that only has a few, but it may be too creative, and make smaller profits. Creativity needs to be targeted, to solve a problem that the company has identified. Just coming up with more and more novel products isn't necessarily a good thing.

And finally, excellence. We all know companies that claim they ‘strive for excellence’, but it takes a long time to achieve excellence. In business, being first with a product is more profitable than having the best product. A major study of company performance compared pioneers- that is, companies bringing out the first version of a particular product-with followers, the companies that copied and improved on that product. The study found that the pioneers commanded an average market share of 29 percent, while the followers achieved less than half that, only 13 percent- even though their product might have been better.

 Insisting on excellence in everything we do is time-consuming, wastes energy and leads to losing out on opportunities. Sometimes, second-rate work is more worthwhile than excellence. Make sure it's excellent sounds like a good approach to business, but ‘the just get-started’ approach is likely to be more successful.

## Unit 13 The state of the climate

We are at a remarkable moment in time. We face over the next two decades two fundamental transformations that will determine whether the next 100 years is the best of centuries or the worst of centuries.

Let me illustrate with an example. I first visited Beijing 25 years ago, and I moved around Beijing by bicycle. It was a safe and easy way. Cycling in Beijing now is a completely different prospect. The roads are jammed by cars and trucks. The air is dangerously polluted. How did this come about? It came from the way in which Beijing has grown as a city. China burns half the world's coal each year, and it is a key reason why, it is the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases. At the same time, in that period China has grown remarkably, becoming the world's second largest economy. Hundreds of millions of people have been lifted out of poverty. But the people of China are asking the question: What's the value of this growth if our cities are unlivable?

Now, the growth of China is part of a fundamental change, in the structure of the world economy. Just 25 years ago, the developing countries accounted for only about a third of the world's output. Now it's more than half. That's a remarkable change. It means that most countries around the world are going to be facing the two fundamental transformations that I want to talk about and highlight.

Now, the first of these transformations is the basic structural change of the economies and societies that I've already begun to illustrate through the description of Beijing. Over the next two decades, we'll see the growth in the economy and in the population is putting increasing pressure on our land, on our water and on our forests.

This is profound structural change. If we manage it in a negligent or a shortsighted way, we will create waste, pollution, congestion, destruction of land and forests. And we couldn't just turn it off. You can't negotiate with the laws of physics. Those are the stakes we're playing for, and that's why we have to make this second transformation, the climate transformation, and move to a low-carbon economy. Now, the first of these transformations is going to happen. We have to decide whether to do it well or badly, the economic, or structural, transformation. But the second of the transformations, the climate transformations, we have to decide to do. Now, the more I've thought about this, the two transformations coming together, the more I've come to realize that this is an enormous opportunity. And let me explain through those three key areas: cities, energy and land.

And let me start with cities. With cities, you have to think ahead. The cities that are going to be built, we have to think of how to design them in a compact way so we can save travel time and we can save energy. The cities that already are well established, we have to think about renewal and investment in them so that we can encourage more people to live closer to the center. Now, some things in cities can happen much more quickly. In 1952, smog in London killed 4,000 people and badly damaged the lives of many, many more. And it happened all the time. By regulating coal, within a few years the problems of smog were rapidly reduced. But it was changed. It was changed by a decision. Good decisions can bring striking results, quickly.

Let me turn to energy. Now, energy over the last 25 years has increased by about 50 percent. Eighty percent of that comes from fossil fuels. We have to invest strongly in energy, we have to use it much more efficiently, and we have to make it clean. Take the example of California. In the next five or six years, they will likely move from around 20 percent in renewables — wind or solar — to over 33 percent, and that would bring California back to greenhouse gas emissions in 2020 to where they were in 1990, a period when the economy in California would more or less have doubled. That's a striking achievement. Again, you can see good decisions can bring quick results, and those two transformations, the economy and the structure and the climate and the low carbon, are intimately intertwined.

Look at land, and particularly forests. Forests are the hosts to valuable plant and animal species. They hold water in the soil and they take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere, fundamental to the tackling of climate change. But we're losing our forests. In the last decade, we've lost a forest area the size of Portugal, and much more has been degraded. We can recognize the problem, but we can also understand how to tackle it. In Brazil, the rate of deforestation has been reduced by 70 percent over the last 10 years. How? By involving local communities, investing in their agriculture and their economies, by monitoring more carefully, by enforcing the law more strictly.

So we can see, from Beijing to London, from California to Brazil, we do understand how to manage those two transformations, the structural and the climate. But we're not cutting emissions in the way we should. We're not managing those structural transformations as we can. The depth of understanding of the immense risks of climate change are not there yet. The depth of understanding of the attractiveness of what we can do is not there yet. We need political pressure to build. We need leaders to step up. We can have better growth, better climate, a better world. We can make, by managing those two transformations well, the next 100 years the best of centuries.

## Unit 14 Body Language Shapes Who You Are

For a long time, social scientists are interested in other people's body language, such as an awkward interaction, or a smile or maybe a very awkward wink. When we think about nonverbal behavior, or body language, we think about communication. So what is your body language communicating to me? What's mine communicating to you?

When we think of nonverbals, we think of how we judge others, how they judge us and what the outcomes are. We tend to forget we ourselves are also influenced by our nonverbals, our thoughts and our feelings and our physiology.

So what nonverbals am I talking about? As a social psychologist, I am interested in power dynamics. I became especially interested in nonverbal expressions of power and dominance.

And what are nonverbal expressions of power and dominance? In the animal kingdom, they are about expanding. So you open yourself up. And humans do the same thing. So they do this action both when they have power sort of chronically, and also when they're feeling powerful in the moment. What do we do when we feel powerless? We wrap ourselves up. We make ourselves small. Both animals and humans do the same thing.

I'm watching this behavior in the classroom, and what do I notice? I notice that MBA students really exhibit the full range of power nonverbals. I noticed that it also seemed to be related to the extent to which the students were participating, and how well they were participating. You get these equally qualified women and men coming in and then you get these differences in grades, and it seems to be partly attributable to participation. So I started to wonder, you know, okay, so you have these people coming in like this, and they're participating. Is it possible that we could get people to fake it and would it lead them to participate more? So my research question was, do our nonverbals govern how we think and feel about ourselves? Or put it in another way, so we know that our minds change our bodies, but is it also true that our bodies change our minds?

And when I say minds, in the case of the powerful, what am I talking about? So I'm talking about thoughts and feelings and the sort of physiological things that make up our thoughts and feelings, and in my case, that's hormones. I look at hormones. I look at two key hormones: testosterone, which is the dominance hormone, and cortisol, which is the stress hormone.

So what we find is that high-power alpha males in primate hierarchies have high testosterone and low cortisol, and powerful and effective leaders also have high testosterone and low cortisol. We know that in primate hierarchies, if an individual needs to take over an alpha role sort of suddenly, within a few days, that individual's testosterone has gone up significantly and his cortisol has dropped significantly. So we have this evidence, both that the body can shape the mind, at least at the facial level, and also that role changes can shape the mind. So what happens, okay, you take a role change, what happens if you do that at a really minimal level, like this tiny manipulation, this tiny intervention? "For two minutes," you say, "I want you to stand like this, and it's going to make you feel more powerful."

So this is what we did. We decided to bring people into the lab and run a little experiment, and these people adopted, for two minutes, either high-power poses or low-power poses,

So this is what happens. They come in, they spit into a vial, we for two minutes, say, "You need to do this or this." They don't look at pictures of the poses. We don't want to prime them with a concept of power. We want them to be feeling power. So two minutes they do this. We then ask them, "How powerful do you feel?" on a series of items, and then we give them an opportunity to gamble, and then we take another saliva sample. That's it. That's the whole experiment.

So this is what we find. Risk tolerance, which is the gambling, we find that when you are in the high-power pose condition, 86 percent of you will gamble. When you're in the low-power pose condition, only 60 percent, and that's a whopping significant difference.

Here's what we find on testosterone. From their baseline when they come in, high-power people experience about a 20-percent increase, and low-power people experience about a 10-percent decrease. So again, two minutes, and you get these changes. Here's what you get on cortisol. High-power people experience about a 25-percent decrease, and the low-power people experience about a 15-percent increase. So two minutes lead to these hormonal changes that configure your brain to basically be either assertive or really stress-reactive, and feeling sort of shut down. And we've all had the feeling, right? So it seems that our nonverbals do govern how we think and feel about ourselves, so it's not just others, but it's also ourselves. Also, our bodies change our minds.
