---
author: ["柯棋瀚"]
title: "Abraham Lincoln: a brief introduction"
date: 2020-06-04
categories: ["史"]
tags: ["世界史"]
description: '英語期末作業，千字以上。'
draft: true
vertical: false
---

Abraham Lincoln was the 16th President of the United States, who led the nation through its greatest moral, constitutional, and political crisis in the Civil War. He preserved the Union, abolished slavery, strengthened the federal government, and established a modern industrial economy throughout the entire nation. This article is a brief introduction to his political career. Lincoln is remembered as an emancipator because he worked to end slavery in the US, left a more powerful Union and thus earned the admiration of all Americans. 

Born into a poor farming family, Lincoln was self-educated. He served for a time as a soldier in the Black Hawk War, taught himself law. In 1846, Lincoln joined the Whig Party and was elected to the House of Representatives, where he voiced his opposition to the war with Mexico. He then abandoned his political career and instead worked as a lawyer. In 1854, in reaction to the Kansas-Nebraska Act, Lincoln became involved in politics once again. He joined the Republican Party, which had recently been formed in opposition to the expansion of slavery. 

In the 1860 campaign for President, Lincoln firmly expressed his opposition to slavery and determination to limit its expansion. His election victory created a crisis for the nation, as many Southern Democrats feared that Lincoln would move to kill slavery in the South. Rather than a future in which black people might become free citizens, much of the white South supported secession. A bloody civil war then engulfed the nation as Lincoln vowed to preserve the Union, enforce the laws of the United States, and end the secession. During his entire period as President, he had to rebuild the Union with military force. 

He eventually raised an army and navy of nearly three million Northern men to face a Southern army of more than two million soldiers. The war ended in a stalemate. In pursuing victory, no President like Lincoln in history had ever exerted so much executive authority. Lincoln often spent days and days in the War Department. His plan was to cut off the South by surrounding it with ships, control the Mississippi River, and take Richmond, the Confederate capital. He often argued with generals in the field, especially George B. McClellan, and fired generals who lost battles. Eventually, he drafted Ulysses Grant the top general in the army, to serve as his commander-in-chief.

Midway through the war, Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, which freed all slaves within the Confederacy and turned the war from a war to preserve the Union and vindicate democracy into a battle for freedom and a war to end slavery. It was an important symbolic gesture that identified the Union with freedom and the death of slavery. When the Emancipation Proclamation came into effect on January 1, 1863, it didn’t actually immediately free all those slaves however, since those areas were still controlled by the rebelling states of the Confederacy. As the Union army advanced, nearly all four million slaves were effectively freed. As part of the Proclamation, Lincoln also urged black males to join the Union forces as soldiers, which was a common practice during the Civil War. By the end of the war, nearly two hundred thousand black men had fought for the Union, and Lincoln referred to them as indispensable in the victory. 

The Proclamation also put an end to movements in European nations that would have recognized the Confederacy as an independent nation. Lincoln then sponsored a constitutional amendment to free all slaves. The Thirteenth Amendment, making slavery illegal everywhere in the United States, was passed late in 1865, eight months after Lincoln was assassinated.

Lincoln made a famous speech after the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863, which is called the Gettysburg Address, one of the most famous speeches in American history. The speech was given at the new cemetery for the dead soldiers in this important battle. He said:

> Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
>
> …government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.

The address intelligently embodied the spirit of the Declaration of Independence and escaped the admit of slavery in the constitution. He redefined the war, it’s not only for the preservation of federal institutions, but also for “a new birth of freedom”, which would bring equality and liberty to all citizens, including the black people.

In 1864, as an example of his limited personal ambitions, Lincoln refused to call off national elections, preferring to hold the election even if he lost the vote rather than destroy the democratic basis. With the electoral support of Union soldiers, many of whom were given short leave to return home to vote.

Lincoln was re-elected president by a slim margin in 1864 and re-inaugurated March 4, 1865. Soon after, it appeared likely that the Union would win the Civil War. Lincoln proposed lenient terms for restoring self-government in the states that had rebelled. On April 9, 1865, the leading Confederate general, Robert E. Lee, surrendered his armies. Union victory forever ended the claim that state sovereignty superseded federal authority. On April 11, 1865, Lincoln gave a speech, in which he promoted voting rights for black American citizens.

Americans judge Lincoln as one of the greatest Presidents in American history because of his impact on the moral and political character of the nation. Lincoln was convinced that within the branches of government, the presidency alone was empowered not only to uphold the Constitution, but also to preserve, protect, and defend it. In the end, however, Lincoln is measured by his most lasting accomplishments: the preservation of the Union, the vindication of democracy, and the end of slavery.